Implement Secrets (#9125)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-secret-create.1.md

% podman-secret-create(1)

## NAME
podman\-secret\-create - Create a new secret

## SYNOPSIS
**podman secret create** [*options*] *name* *file*

## DESCRIPTION

Creates a secret using standard input or from a file for the secret content.
Secrets are a blob of sensitive data which a container needs at runtime but

> you don’t want to store in the image or in source control, such as Usernames and passwords,

Reviewer: Please don't use pronouns in man pages.

```suggestion
should not be stored in the image or in source control, such as Usernames and passwords,
```

> you don’t want to store in the image or in source control, such as Usernames and passwords,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you don’t want to store in the image or in source control, such as usernames and passwords,
```

> TLS certificates and keys, SSH keys or other important generic strings or binary content (up to 500 kb in size)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS certificates and keys, SSH keys or other important generic strings or binary content (up to 500 kb in size).
```

## OPTIONS

#### **--driver**=*driver*

> Specify the secret driver (default file, which is unencrypted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the secret driver (default file, which is unencrypted).
```

#### **--help**

> Print usage statement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Print usage statement.
```
